NIAD-2779:  Document which permissions are required for the Object Storage (#340)
NHSDigital/nia-patient-switching-standard-adaptor: OPERATING.md

* Azure Service Bus may require some parameters as part of the URL configuration. For example: `PS_AMQP_BROKER=amqps://<NAME>.servicebus.windows.net/;SharedAccessKeyName=<KEY NAME>;SharedAccessKey=<KEY VALUE>`

## Object storage

GP2GP messaging splits the patient's Electronic Health Record (EHR) into an EHR Extract and associated attachments. 
The adaptor uses AWS / Azure object storage to manage the attachments.

### Data stored
It is the responsibility of the GP System Supplier to manage the data stored in object storage post transfer. 

#### Incomplete transfers
The sending GP2GP system can split attachments into multiple parts that the adaptor must reassemble. It could also send 
the EHR Extract itself as a compressed attachment. Therefore, an incomplete / failed transfer could have both of these 
uploaded to object storage. If a transfer fails they will not be deleted by the adaptor. 

##### Complete transfers
Assembled attachments will be uploaded to object storage. The adaptor obtains a URL for each attachment, which it inserts

> into the returned FHIR bundle. When using AWS S3 this URL is pre-signed and valid for 60 minutes. After this time, the 

Reviewer: "valid for 60 minutes" from what point?

> Assembled attachments will be uploaded to object storage. The adaptor obtains a URL for each attachment, which it inserts
> into the returned FHIR bundle. When using AWS S3 this URL is pre-signed and valid for 60 minutes. After this time, the 
> download link will be invalidated, although no files will be deleted from the S3 bucket.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assembled attachments will be uploaded to object storage.
The adaptor obtains a URL for each attachment, which it inserts into the returned FHIR bundle.
When using AWS S3 this URL is pre-signed and valid for 60 minutes from the point at which the bundle was generated.
After this time, the [S3 download URL will expire][presigned-url-expire], but no files will be deleted from the S3 bucket.

[presigned-url-expire]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/using-presigned-url.html#PresignedUrl-Expiration
```

The pre-assembled attachment parts are removed from storage when an attachment is assembled. However, if the transfer 
contains a compressed EHR Extract this is not removed from storage automatically.

### Filename convention
Attachment files are named as `conversationId_documentId` where `documentId` is the name of the file (including extension)

> and `conversationId` is an identifier unique to transfer. 

Reviewer: 😢 Shame there is no way for an NME to get that `conversationId` for a patient.

Author: Yes that could be useful. Although, it's currently the responsibility to the NME to keep track of the conversation IDs, as its either passed in or generated by the façade and returned in the response header.
